Merge GiPHouse sprint 1 results (#69)
Loefbijter/loefsys: README.md

## Getting started

> Read [the documentation on getting started](docs/getting-started.rst) for instructions on how to set up the development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [the documentation on getting started](https://loefbijter.github.io/loefsys/getting-started.html) for instructions on how to set up the development environment.
```

> gti s

Author: ```suggestion
```
